# pfch2021
Program For Cultural Heritage Spring 2021 INFO-664 Final Project
<h3>Video Game Sales Data Visualization</h3>

<p>This project aims to explore video game sales from different regions of the world by using the "Video Game Sales" dataset provided by a webscrape of <a href="www.vgchartz.com">www.vgchartz.com</a>.  The dataset contains 11 fields and over 16,598 records of video games with sales greater than 10,000 copies. Each record includes a breakdown of the video game’s name, rank, platform, year, genre, publisher, and sales (in North America, Europe, Japan, and worldwide). The dataset can be found here: <a href="https://github.com/GregorUT/vgchartzScrape">Dataset Source</a>
<br><br> As the dataset contains over 16,000 records, I used Python to create several scripts that can can extract different sets of data to see if I can find any compelling patterns and trends. Some analysis include: looking at global sales and pulling out specific video games and their sale records. I used jupyter notebook and pandas library to run my python scripts and tableau story to create all my visualizations. <br><br>The first python script was used to count the number of videogames and look at the top 10 most sold video games. The second python script was used to extract different sets of data and look at the max games sold by region, platforms, and genres. This new modified csv file was imported into tableau story where I created a total of 8 visualizations. These visualizations can be found here: <br><br><a href="https://public.tableau.com/views/publisherplatform/VideoGameSales?:language=en&:display_count=y&:origin=viz_share_link">Video Game Sales Tableau Story</a></p>
